The best place to live: Boston neighborhoods crime rate and venue data
1. Introduction/Business Problem

Being inhabitated with ~700,000 in 2018, Boston, Massachusetts, is the biggest city of New England and one is the most populous
in the USA. Moreover, it is an outsdanding educational, science, technical, cultural, health care research centre known all over
the world. It makes Boston to be extremely attractive to move there for living from the other states and even abroad. So that why
Boston is pretty high-densily populated and multicultural, forming communities, spread in one or more city neighborhoods.

Different people have various criterias, except cost of living, when determine where they are going to relocate in any kind 
of place.It can be a nearby school rates for families with children, transport accessability and highways proximity ratings 
for commuters, etc. Also a safety is a main priority for many of them, and it will be one of the aims of my research for 
potential future Bostonians, like my family, now discussing the possibility to relocate to Boston from northern Massachusetts.

Boston is officially divided on 23 neighborohoods, which are pretty different in areas and population. In my research I will
take into account another district division using 17 neighborohoods, due to some data limitations, which will be described in
the next section.

Accessability and proximity to the venues, like restaurants, parks, theaters, gyms are the important part of quality of life 
conception almost for everyone and can't be ignored during making of where-to relocation decision.

A future resident should take into consideration the factors described upper and a lot more. I'm going to focus on the crime 
rates of Boston neighborohoods and analisys of it venues from point of view of potential Boston citizen.
I hope, that my investigation can help people, who are thinking about moving there to insight into the safety and infrastructure.

2. Data

The main source of the data used in my work is a portal https://data.boston.gov/. It provides a variety of data, including census,
crime, climate and geospatial.

a) https://data.boston.gov/dataset/planning-districts geojson file was used to build neighborhoods borders on a folium map.
I've tryed to use another geojson file from this site with more districts (23 as mentioned in the section upper) but it created 
a mess in a city centre where very small districts are located. Due to the similarity of type of buildings and its being the most
crowded and touristic places I decided to use the bigger map to increase a visibility

b) https://data.boston.gov/dataset/boston-police-stations csv file was used to obtain the numbers of police districts, which
are not the same with geografical, and map it with geografical districts from the previous dataset

c) https://data.boston.gov/dataset/crime-incident-reports-august-2015-to-date-source-new-system csv file was used to receive 
the data about crimes in 2018-2019 time period

All 3 datasets were used to make a folium map with choropleth, reflecting the total of crime incidents per police districts,
including heighborohoods respectively

d) https://data.boston.gov/dataset/public-libraries/resource/ce600f93-20ee-446d-89fd-0f0a92d6f24e csv file was used to receive 
coordinates to use it as centers of studied neigborohoods

e) Foursquare API was used to obtain information about venues in Boston neighborohoods, like top 10 venues per neighborohood

The code was created in IBM Watson studio and submitted via Github, which is the part of the next week assignment.
